- We're gonna play
one of our favorite new games.
It's 5 Second Rule,
and tWitch is gonna
tell us a category,
and he's gonna ask us
to name three things
in five seconds.
- Okay.
- And, uh,
it's really, really fun.
Okay, so I'll go first, and...
- All right.
- We don't know what
the categories are obviously.
- All right, okay.
So, Ellen,
name three kinds of hats.
- Uh, a bolo,
uh, uh...
baseball, and uh...
fedora.
[buzzer beeps]
- Ooh, close.
- Close.
- Didn't do it.
- All right.
- Okay, Nick,
name three parts
of the female body.
- Uh, the butt,
the breasts, and the face.
[laughter]
In that order.
- Ellen, name three things
you get--
you get a kid for Christmas.
- Um, uh,
the Skipper doll,
and that bear,
and, uh, uh, a broom.
[buzzer beeps]
[laughter]
[cheers and applause]
- Good times.
- All right, Nick,
name three famous Nicks.
- Uh, Nick Carter,
Nick Cannon--
[buzzer beeps]
[laughter]
- Nick Cage.
- Yeah.
- There you go.
- Ellen, name three things
you sit on.
- Uh, a chair,
a sofa, a stool.
- All right.
- That's good.
[cheers and applause]
- Okay, name three things
you keep in your nightstand.
- Oh, a Bible,
uh, condoms--
[buzzer beeps]
Another Bible.
Two Bibles.
- Two Bibles and condoms.
- Please I hope
the condoms work, please.
[laughter]
Two Bibles.
- Two Bibles.
- Okay.
- Okay, Ellen,
name three types
of underwear.
- Uh, a g-string,
uh--three types of underwear?
Boxers, briefs.
- Ooh.
- Oh.
- That was good.
- Wow, point one.
- Okay, Nick, name three things
you do on a date.
- Uh, eat, sleep, and drink.
[laughter]
Not in that order though.
Not in that order.
- You sleep on a date?
- Yeah, that--
- I need some
more entertaining friends.
It gets boring.
- All right.
- Okay, Ellen, uh, name three
things you put in your mouth.
- Um, food,
uh, uh, your thumb, and, uh--
[buzzer beeps]
Uh, a pacifier?
If you're a baby.
- I know, I'm gonna--baby stuff.
- If you're a baby, yeah.
- Name three undergarments
for women.
- Uh, they wear those?
A girdle,
bloomers--
[buzzer beeps]
I don't know.
- A girdle?
- That's under, right?
- You threw me off
with the word garment.
I went old school.
- All right, okay.
[cheers and applause]
- All right.
- I got you.
-You're all going home
with the game
"The 5 Second Rule," everybody.
[cheers and applause]
We'll be back.
Nick Cannon.
[Pink's "Today's the Day"]